# Neural Networks for Non-Life Insurance Pricing
This page contains the code used for my thesis: Neural networks for non-life insurance pricing. The goal of my thesis is to compare neural networks and combined actuarial neural networks (CANNs) with generalized linear models (GLMs), generalized additive models (GAMs) and several tree-based machine learning methods being normal regression trees, random forests and gradient boosting machines (GBMs). Currently the text of the thesis is not yet available, a link to the text will be added later. We compare the different models  for a motor third party liability data set. The GLMs, GBMs and tree-based machine learning models were earlier constructed for both claim frequency and claim severity in Henckaerts, R., Antonio, K., Côté, M. P., & Verbelen, R. (2020): Boosting insights in insurance tariff plans with tree-based machine learning (https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.10890). 
# Overview of the included files 
Currently we only provide the data used for this data and some data sets used in Henckaerts et al. (2020). Later in-depth code of used for the thesis will be added, currently only the file preview.R is added to which gives the constructions of the neural networks and CANNs, as given in the thesis. The preview gives a short introduction to the construction of neural networks, bias regulated neural networks and different types of CANNs. Only the construction of these models are included. We do not actually train the models, although the basics of how the models could be trained are given.
